<div>
    <h1>Welcome to Our Page</h1>
    <p>This is the company that puts mascara on lashes and food on tables. That fights wrinkles with one hand and breast cancer with the other.
    That knows the value of a perfect lip, but still opens its mouth and speaks out against domestic violence and for women's financial independence.
    This is the company that not only brings beauty to doors, but also opens them. The company that supports 6 million
    Representatives worldwide. This is Avon. The company that for more than 125 years has stood for beauty, innovation, optimism and, above all, for women.</p>

    <h2>Our history</h2>
    <p>In 1886, 34 years before women in the U.S. earned the right to vote, our founder, David H. McConnell, helped give them the chance to earn an independent income.
    <br />He didn't set out to create a beauty company. In fact, McConnell was a traveling book salesperson and offered beauty products as an additional perk to his female customers.
    He saw that these women were more interested in the free perfume samples than the books - and that many of them stayed home while their husbands went off to work.
    Since women had a passion for his products and loved networking with other women, McConnell was inspired to recruit them as sales Representatives. From a small New York City office, McConnell himself mixed the company's first fragrances.
    <br />This began Avon's long history of empowering women around the globe.</p>
    <p>
        <br />95 Years before the first woman was appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court ...<br />
        <br />77 Years before the first woman traveled into space ...<br />
        <br />76 Years before the first woman took the reins of a Fortune 500 company ...<br />
        <br />34 Years before women in the U.S. had the right to vote ...<br />
        <br />17 Years before the first woman won the Nobel Prize ...<br />
    </p>
    <p>Avon offered women the opportunity to be CEOs of their own businesses and control their economic desinites.<br />
    Avon has been empowering women for more than <b>125</b> years.</p>

    <h2>Corporate Governance</h2>
    <p>Avon is committed to maintaining the highest standards of ethics and integrity in its relationships with the company's Board of Directors, shareholders and other constituents, and in its business conduct, consistent with company values, and in compliance
    with both the letter and spirit of all applicable laws and regulations.</p>
</div>