<div>
    <h1>Welcome to the administration of Avon Cosmetics</h1>

    <p>Here are some tips and information for the better use of the site.</p>

    <dl>
        <dt id="new">The "New" option</dt>
        <dd id="descriptionnew"><br/>With the "New" option, you can add New products to the database.
        <br />It is crucial to fill out every field with information about the product
        because if there are empty fields, the product will not be entered in the database.
        <br />And because you have to add an image of the product, when you are entering information,
        it is important, that the product should be clearly recognizable. And if the product is use, on the picture
        then that also should be visible and recognizable.
        <br />The product's description can't be longer than 100 characters,
            the price of the product should be two decimal places,
            or the product might have incomplete information stored in the database. <br /><br /></dd>

        <dt id="list">The "List" option</dt>
        <dd id="descriptionlist"><br/>With the "List" option, you can list all of the products in ascending order.
        <br />The difference between the "List" option and the "Product" option is, that when you
        click the "List" option in the last column, you can edit the products individually.
        <br />You can delete them or update information about them, on each product here,
        or you can click the "Update" or "Delete" option, up on the Navigation bar. <br /><br /></dd>

        <dt id="update">The "Update" option</dt>
        <dd id="descriptionupdate"><br/>With the "Update" option you can edit information about the products.
        <br />First you choose the product you want to edit, then when you click the "Update" button,
        you can edit your selected product.
        <br />It is important to fill out all the fields, just like when you are adding a new product.
        It is crucial not to leave a field empty, or else the information will not be stored in the database.<br /><br /></dd>

        <dt id="delete">The "Delete" option</dt>
        <dd id="descriptiondelete"><br/>When you want to delete some products, the "Delete" option is your friend.
        <br />You can easily and quickly delete any product, you want. All you have to do
            is choose the product that you no longer wish to store in the database, and then
            click the "Delete" button. And that's it. The product is taken out of the database,
            so if you made a mistake and you deleted a product you didn't wish to delete,
            I have a bad news for you. You can't retrieve it. The only way is to get back
            a product to the database is go to the "New" option, and enter it.
        <br />So be careful with deleting, because it is easy to make a mistake, but harder to fix it.<br /><br /></dd>



    </dl>
</div>